Learning path testing (#4738)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/learning-paths/gateway/intro-step-2-practice.md

Reviewer: These two prereqs feel like duplicates, I'd just leave the first one and omit the second one:
1. https://deploy-preview-4738--kongdeveloper.netlify.app/learning-paths/gateway/intro-to-kong-gateway/step-2/#series-prerequisites
1. https://deploy-preview-4738--kongdeveloper.netlify.app/learning-paths/gateway/intro-to-kong-gateway/step-2/#complete-step-1

Building on the Service and Route you created in Step 1, you'll now attach two plugins: **Rate Limiting** to cap request volume, and **Key Auth** to require an API key.

## Step 1: Add the Rate Limiting plugin

Attach Rate Limiting to the `httpbin-route` Route. This limits each client to 5 requests per minute:

{% entity_examples %}
entities:
  plugins:
    - name: rate-limiting
      route: httpbin-route
      config:
        minute: 5
        policy: local
{% endentity_examples %}

Send more than five requests within a minute — after the fifth, {{site.base_gateway}} returns `429 Too Many Requests`.

## Step 2: Add Key Auth

Enable Key Auth on the same Route to require an API key on every request:

{% entity_examples %}
entities:
  plugins:
    - name: key-auth
      route: httpbin-route
{% endentity_examples %}

## Step 3: Create a Consumer with a credential

Create a Consumer named `alice` and issue her an API key:

{% entity_examples %}
entities:
  consumers:
    - username: alice
      keyauth_credentials:
        - key: my-secret-key
{% endentity_examples %}

## Step 4: Verify authentication

> Test that unauthenticated requests are rejected and authenticated ones succeed:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Test  the configuration to verify that the service:

- Rejects unauthenticated requests.
- Accepts the authenticated ones.
```
